Added remote basic configuration documentation (#1100)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_remoted/test_configuration/index.md

# Test basic configuration

> ## Overview 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Overview 
```

> Configuration tests check that the introduced configuration on ossec.conf works as expected and no valid option generates errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration tests to validate if the introduced configuration in ossec.conf works as expected and a no valid option generates errors. 

```

> Configuration tests check that the introduced configuration on ossec.conf works as expected and no valid option generates errors. 
> Also, it checks that the API answer for configuration requests coincides with the configuration introduced in ossec.conf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These tests check if the introduced configuration in the ossec.conf works as expected for valid values and if the API response for configuration requests coincides with the one introduced in the ossec.conf.

For invalid ones, it checks if `wazuh-remoted` returns the expected error message.
```

## Objective

Confirm that the different options for remoted configuration work and are correctly loaded.

## General info

|Tier | Number of tests | Time spent |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|

> | 0 | 17 | 2m14.130s |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0 | 17 | 2m 14s |
```

## List of configuration tests

- **[Test invalid connection](test_basic_configuration_connection_invalid_connection.md)**: Check that wazuh-remoted 
  fails using invalid `connection` values

> - **[Test valid connection](test_basic_configuration_connection_valid.md)**: Check that wazuh-remoted correctly start using valid `protocol` values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[Test valid connection](test_basic_configuration_connection_valid.md)**: Check if wazuh-remoted correctly starts using valid `protocol` values.
```

This change must be applied in any entry of this md
